thank you very much for having me at the
ipfs 0.5 launch Meetup
before I begin I would like to say now I
better confess that this is about 12
take of this particular presentation so
the wine is going down rather well thank
you for having me though it's great to
be here
my name is Peter I am Peter on the Block
on Twitter and I'm the tech lead for the
Hut 34 project the HUD 34 project we're
an agile data company startup building
data tools solving daily problems
because data solves problems a very
brief word on the origins of our name
this is Bletchley Park which during the
Second World War was home to code
breakers including the great Alan Turing
trying to crack the Enigma code
this is Bletchley Park today and this is
our office where we earnestly endeavor
Bletchley Park literally had huts these
are four of the huts hut-one hut-two
hut-three and out four and we're an
amalgam of huts three and four putts 34
this is not in fact our office because
we're lucky enough to be based down here
in Sydney Australia our offices are just
human manly so something like seven half
thousand miles away from the San
Francisco Bay Area so it couldn't be
there tonight but I'm glad to be here in
part now I'm just going to a brief
presentation on where ipfs fits into our
stack how excited we are and you know
the future really so what you're looking
at here is a react front-end of our sort
of core product which is a data Hut
we set up huts Hut's contain rooms and
they're places where users can come to
exchange data they can secure it they
can exchange it they can track it they
can monetize it if they want to and
you're looking at a front-end and with
an app engine back-end on Google Cloud
so having logged in via OAuth
what we'll see in a moment when I get in
there is that the the stack here you've
got a traditional service stack but
really the heart of it begins when we
look at this fearian blockchain based
wallet this is a website called ether
scam many of you may be familiar with it
this is just a block Explorer showing me
what's going on so a user has arrived
he's got access to this wallet so here's
an address that we control I'm just
gonna copy that address because now by
the smart contract when that user was
first registered with us we've logged on
chain this so our smart contract has
some data which says this identity is
this address this location hash so
here's an IP FS hash this is where
begins an IP FS is really the glue that
binds those three things together we've
got the Google OAuth identity we've got
the etherium wallet with this private
key and we've got the IP FS hash
containing various bits of data this
particular bit of data can only be
updated registered by this identity by
this address holder and if we look at it
it's a base64 string containing this
information it's an RSA key pair there's
a public key and there's an encrypted
private key that private key is
encrypted using the private key of the
etherium dress that registered it so
we've got ipfs sitting there via this
smart contract as the glue that binds
the identity to an encryption key pair
and there it is so now let's do some
data exchange what we do with this so
now that I'm logged in I can I may be an
enterprise user I may be a hobbyist I
may be a data scientist but I can use
this UX to just browse around some data
and I'm interested in alcohol
consumption so I'm going to acquire this
data set and you can see now that it's
retrieving the blockchain details and
it's signing the value object we use a
protocol called 0 X 0 X is a trustless
value exchange so the hot X object which
is the heart of our technical delivery
contains meta data
value and it's just successfully
exchanged so now that I've got that data
I can come here and complete the full
circle and I can access my wallet once
more it's gonna download the keys it's
going to download the encrypted data and
it's going to present their data to me
in the client so here we are let's dive
under the hood just a little bit and
have a look at that our tax exchange
object which again is part of the key so
here we've got the contract and you can
see that there's a there's the
transaction there's literally just gone
through being mined right now look at
the previous one and we can see that the
identity who completed that transaction
has called a function called hot X
complete Alex transaction complete and
this transaction is aimed at the ipfs
location - this location - doesn't
represent your identity it represents
the specific exchange of data and if we
look at that object against
base64-encoded object which comes out to
this this is a HUD X object containing
meta and data and value and within the
meta information this is promoting
interoperability the model can contain
schema information this is all public
information this of course oku contains
the public information about the data
exchanged but the actual data itself is
presented via a further ipfs hash they
tells me where can I get this data and
if I have access to it here's the
encrypted key that encrypted key can
only be decrypted by the identity of the
person who completes the transaction so
that's a real Whistlestop tour we have
users from academia doing research
projects we have a couple of teams
investigating dementia risk and
assessing autism as well as an autism
assessments going on collecting data and
exchanging in via this protocol and we
have some corporate users you can work
with the protocol in directly within the
Excel workbook or within our studio or
wherever you want to that's our mission
and at the heart of it is ipfs so if you
want to reach out to us it's Peter on
the block or HUD 34 project otherwise
just a big congratulation
really really excited to see the path to
1.0 and what happens next I'd like to
thank the inferior guys who are out
there we currently having experience of
running our own nodes we're currently
using in fewers infrastructure so very
keen to be part of the ecosystem very
excited for the nonpoint 5 launch best
wishes from seven half thousand miles
away take care guys Congrats